# New-Phase-Accommodarion-Halls-for-The-College-
The Board of College finally come to conclude that to built new buildings for the accommodations to students, flats for professors with advanced modern felicities and new construction methods which makes the buildings to be sustainable in nature in line with sustainable energy development strategy and to reduce the energy consumption and CO2 emissions during the construction and operational phase of development. A modern pavilion which includes dinning and cocking space which will be very helpful to conduct college events. The College has approached the best architects in the city and explained the scope of the project and the desired requirements such as comfortable, durable and modern addition to the campus that is functional, cost effective, elegant and sustainable. The project is extensive and ambitious and will replace existing, outdated accommodation with a suite of new buildings and amenities and with the latest energy conservation systems like roof-mounted solar cells and air source heat exchangers. The buildings with the historic importance will remain. The finance to the project for the construction and operation is arranged by the college by the combination of private bonds and fundraising from their extensive and successful alumnae base. A 35M bond due for repayment in 45 years was issued January 2021 with 3.37% of interest rate (i.e., 1.1795M per year to be paid monthly). An overview of construction plan with total budget, cashflow and NPV is included in this executive report. The college board finally after all the proposals has planned to start the project in September 2022 and finish it by the end of July 2025.
